README: Add Communication section with Forum information (#644)
ansible-collections/google.cloud: README.md

This collection works with Ansible 2.16+

# Communication

* Join the Ansible forum:

>   * [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others.
>   * [POSTS TAGGED WITH 'YOUR TAG'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/YOUR_TAG): subscribe to participate in collection-related conversations.
>   * [REFER TO YOUR FORUM GROUP HERE IF EXISTS](https://forum.ansible.com/g/): by joining the team you will automatically get subscribed to the posts tagged with [your group forum tag here](https://forum.ansible.com/tags).

Author: ```suggestion
  * [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others. Please use appropriate tags, for example `cloud`.
```
